to
Y
For years I've been thinking about
that is linked to me is the one that most
It was convenient because of the way I play
the truth is that it is an important moment
in my career because I have a
great club like the manchester city
It's a dream for me to be here myself
I come to put my two cents to
help the other classmates and between
all then pull this forward and be able
lift some title with this club
then the city had never never been
and well then to begin to know it and
to enjoy it
of which I follow the most apart from the
Spanish there are some dry
They are such great players
has has a very good template
you can say a lot more but good
as I'm a forward and I like what
offensive because I tell you about and some
Web
yesterday when before
it was confirmed and I spoke with Jesus
and I spoke with javi garcía also for the
morning and good now that they were
happy I am too and good
so we can share the stadium with
them to me is a very big jesus is
an incredible child a player
spectacular
will continue to make goals with their phases
here in the caesar
Y
or not
I have played with many game systems
front to play with a striker
a playmaker the player
In addition to the centers, the
played in many ways there will be what
I want is to play everything that can help
to the team and be able to respond to what you
ask for friendship
what is an attack football that colorful
he likes very much to have the ball play
much much football are two teams
who has been in the Spanish league has
done things very well and the truth that
It's a pleasure to be able to work again
his orders he called me he explained me a
little how is the project going to be everything
I had thought and so on
and well it does not take much to
convince me to come to a team like
but the truth that he had the
last word
good as a corpulent player not in a
good aerial game
a strong ball hit with the leg
left and that I always try to be in
the right place when the ball goes by
the band in that sense I'm a little
superstitious not only dismiss numbers
I want to improve and improve the figure of
previous years is always to improve in what
personal
the favorite number is the number even
to say that I love them